#138
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
#302
Chuck Norris doesn't go on the internet, he has every internet site stored in his memory. He refreshes webpages by blinking.
#168
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
#592
Chuck Norris can make onions cry.
#323
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
#335
Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
#410
Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
#386
Chuck Norris once lost the remote, but maintained control of the TV by yelling at it in between bites of his "Filet of Child" sandwich.
#123
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
#352
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
#487
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
#394
"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
#298
MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips and Gatorade, but Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart.
#222
Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
#92
Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
#318
If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
#273
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
#340
A man once claimed Chuck Norris kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time.
#431
Rules of fighting: 1) Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. 2) Don't bring a gun to a Chuck Norris fight.
#548
Product Owners never argue with Chuck Norris after he demonstrates the DropKick feature.
#284
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
#321
Chuck Norris is widely predicted to be first black president. If you're thinking to yourself, "But Chuck Norris isn't black", then you are dead wrong. And stop being a racist.
#551
Chuck Norris can over-write a locked variable.
#270
The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
#306
Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
#289
Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
#374
Chuck Norris' sperm can be seen with the naked eye. Each one is the size of a quarter.
#243
Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
#368
Chuck Norris has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states.
#254
Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
#441
Chuck Norris did not "lose" his virginity, he stalked it and then destroyed it with extreme prejudice.
#134
Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a fieldgoal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
#531
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.
#265
The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
#328
Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him "a promising Rookie".
#274
One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
#205
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
#490
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
#192
There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
#61
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
#292
If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
#206
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
#433
In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
#538
Chuck Norris's log statements are always at the FATAL level.
#397
When Chuck Norris makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes.
#411
The pen is mightier than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Chuck Norris.
#212
Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
#401
They say curiosity killed the cat. This is false. Chuck Norris killed the cat. Every single one of them.
#315
Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
#451
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
#544
If you try to kill -9 Chuck Norris's programs, it backfires.
#45
What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.
#153
The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
#200
On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck givet
#552
Chuck Norris knows the value of NULL, and he can sort by it too.
#300
Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal. Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
#224
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
#160
Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
#558
Chuck Norris never has to build his program to machine code. Machines have learnt to interpret Chuck Norris code.
#71
When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it won't be because he is gay. It will be because he has run out of women.
#528
Chuck Norris doesn't use GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
#522
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
#355
In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
#332
What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
#213
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb? None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
#57
Chuck Norris is ten feet tall, weighs two-tons, breathes fire, and could eat a hammer and take a shotgun blast standing.
#157
A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
#587
Once a police officer caught Chuck Norris, the cop was lucky enough to escape with a warning.
#238
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
#350
Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom. He injects it directly into his neck with a syringe.
#27
Faster than a speeding bullet... More powerful than a locomotive... Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... These are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises.
#391
TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
#128
A high tide means Chuck Norris is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants.
#66
Chuck Norris can't finish a "color by numbers" because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red.
#480
The class object inherits from Chuck Norris
#590
Chuck Norris died before 20 years, Death doesn't have the courage to tell him yet.
#324
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
#278
They had to edit the first ending of 'Lone Wolf McQuade' after Chuck Norris kicked David Carradine's ass, then proceeded to barbecue and eat him.
#268
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
#189
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Chuck Norris.
#223
Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
#536
Don't worry about tests, Chuck Norris's test cases cover your code too.
#470
Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
#454
Chuck Norris's first program was kill -9.
#69
Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick).
#504
Chuck Norris programs occupy 150% of CPU, even when they are not executing.
#513
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
#21
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
#30
Someone once tried to tell Chuck Norris that roundhouse kicks aren't the best way to kick someone. This has been recorded by historians as the worst mistake anyone has ever made.
#105
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
#354
For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
#171
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
#334
Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
#2
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips. Chuck Norris can kill him and take it.
#208
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
#450
Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
#143
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
#484
Chuck Norris is actually the front man for Apple. He let's Steve Jobs run the show when he's on a mission. Chuck Norris is always on a mission.
#526
No one has ever pair-programmed with Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it.
#256
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
#401
They say curiosity killed the cat. This is false. Chuck Norris killed the cat. Every single one of them.
#565
Chuck Norris can make a class that is both abstract and final.
#38
Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Masacre.
#275
Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
#57
Chuck Norris is ten feet tall, weighs two-tons, breathes fire, and could eat a hammer and take a shotgun blast standing.
#339
Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
#404
When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
#94
Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
#389
Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
#253
Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
#422
Mr. T pities the fool. Chuck Norris rips the fool's head off.
#535
Chuck Norris uses canvas in IE.
#509
Chuck Norris's OSI network model has only one layer - Physical.
#411
The pen is mightier than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Chuck Norris.
#182
In a recent survey it was discovered the 94% of American women lost their virginity to Chuck Norris. The other 6% were incredibly fat or ugly.
#292
If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
#196
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
#110
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
#524
Chuck Norris eats lightning and shits out thunder.
#547
Product Owners never ask Chuck Norris for more features. They ask for mercy.
#268
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
#64
There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
#149
Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
#114
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
#605
Chuck Norris doesn't need a keyboard he tells the computer to write something and it does.
#390
Divide Chuck Norris by zero and you will in fact get one........one bad-ass that is.
#310
182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
#195
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
#24
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and yell "What The Hell was That?".
#58
Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down.
#153
The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
#249
Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Chuck Norris. He only has two needs: killing people and finding people to kill.
#312
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
#267
Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
#210
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
#157
A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
#529
Chuck Norris doesn't use Oracle, he is the Oracle.
#151
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
#495
Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
#461
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
#358
The 11th commandment is ?Thou shalt not piss off Chuck Norris? This commandment is rarely enforced, as it is impossible to accomplish.
#396
Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
#75
Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter.
#128
A high tide means Chuck Norris is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants.
#606
Chuck Norris once pissed in a gas tank of a semi truck as a joke - that truck is now know as Optimus Prime.
#260
If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
#178
In an act of great philanthropy, Chuck made a generous donation to the American Cancer Society. He donated 6,000 dead bodies for scientific research.
#201
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
#230
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
#537
Each hair in Chuck Norris's beard contributes to make the world's largest DDOS.
#452
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
#493
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
#425
Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
#282
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
#406
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
#6
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
#367
Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
#490
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
#534
Chuck Norris is the ultimate mutex, all threads fear him.
#81
Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
#279
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
#115
When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
#586
Chuck Norris already went to Moon and Mars, that's why there are no signs of life.
#1
Chuck Norris uses ribbed condoms inside out, so he gets the pleasure.
#238
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
#318
If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
#305
Chuck Norris knows everything there is to know - Except for the definition of mercy.
#219
Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
#69
Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick).
#527
No one has ever spoken during review of Chuck Norris' code and lived to tell about it.
#236
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
#83
While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
#84
When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
#380
Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
#244
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
#48
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
#559
Chuck Norris' unit tests don't run. They die.
#203
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
#237
Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
#96
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
#173
'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
#198
Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
#467
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
#43
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... A suicide.
#47
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
#252
Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
#264
Guantuanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for "Chuck Norris' basement".
#421
Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
#375
After taking a steroids test doctors informed Chuck Norris that he had tested positive. He laughed upon receiving this information, and said "of course my urine tested positive, what do you think they make steroids from?"
#615
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
#168
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
#476
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
#487
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
#553
China lets Chuck Norris search for porn on Google.
#49
CNN was originally created as the "Chuck Norris Network" to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time.
#159
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
#352
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
#382
Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls. He walked.
#29
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
#46
Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with his waitress.